fix: member filter on data set with less than 3 character qualifiers being ignored (#4294)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where member filtering on data sets with qualifier parts with less than 3 characters were ignoring the member filter and returning all members. [#4275](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4275)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where member filtering on data sets with qualifier parts with fewer than three characters were ignoring the member filter and returning all members. [#4275](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4275)
```
